# Answers for Chapter 4

1. the first difference is that the y coordinates are reversed
   and only objects inside the fourth (lower right) quadrant appear on the screen

2.  import pygame
    pygame.init()

3. In RGB(Red,Green,Blue) model,it uses three values to define a color and each of these values is from  0 to 255,
   where 0 represents none color and 255 represents the maximum intensity of the color.
   So, WHITE = (255,255,255) is mix of maximum intensities of red,green,blue light together we get white light.

4. We use variables in upper-case when we know that this value of the variable won't change (so it is a constant)
   when we expect the value of the variable(color) will change then we use lower-case letters.

5. This command creates a window with specified width and height 

6. This loop will check if the user pressed key or moved the mouse or something like that

7. Used to mange how fast the screen updates

8. 
    - Screen is the name of the window in which the green line will be drawn
    - [0, 0] is the starting point of drawing the line 
    - [100, 100] is the end  point of this line
    - 5 is the line thickness in pixels

9.  The best way to repeat things over and over is using  a loop.

10. When we set the width to zero,the rectangel will be filled with the specified color, there will be no border.

11. 
    - x=20, y=20
    - x = x + width/2  --> x = 20 + 250/2 = 145
      y = y + height/2 --> y = 20 + 100/2 = 70

    - length=250, width=2

12. It need start and end angles

13. - The first step is to specify what font we want and how big it is
    - The second step is to creat a stamp (image) of the text
    - The last step is to specify where to put this image on the screen

14. Becouse in the end, we create a variable and assign it the font type and font size, which will not change, 
    so there is no need to repeat this process over and over again inside the loop. 

15. Point1 : [x,y] = [50,100]
    Point2 : [x,y] = [0,200]
    Point3 : [x,y] = [200,200]
    Point4 : [x,y] = [100,50]

16. This command will update the screen with what we've drawn.

17. This command will close the window

18. pygame.draw.circle(screen, "blue", [60, 250], 40)