# Answers for Chapter 12

# ----------------------------Section 1-------------------------------------

1. A class is a “classification” of an object. Like “person” or “image.” An object is a particular instance of a class. 
   Like “Mary” is an instance of “Person.”

2. A method is a function that exists inside of a class.

3. myDog = Dog()
   myDog.age = 3
   myDog.name = "Snoopy"
   myDog.weight  = 20

4. saly = person()
   saly.name = "Saly"
   saly.cell_phone = "+49 9924425"
   saly.email = "saly_s@gmail.com"

   sam = person()
   sam.name = "Sam"
   sam.cell_phone ="+49 9920055"
   sam.email = "sam11@gmail.com"

5. 
    class Bird():
        def __init__(self):
            self.color = ""
            self.name = ""
            self.breed = ""

6. 
    class Character():
        def __init__(self):
            self.strength = 0
            self.name = ""
            self.position = [0,0]

7. the wrong in the program is that he created two new variables and assigned them to values
   instead of assigned these values to the instance variabels

    class Person():
    def __init__(self):
        self.name = ""
        self.money = 0
 
    nancy = Person()
    nancy.name = "Nancy"
    nancy.money = 100

8. the variable 'money' in the print instruction is not defined

9. becouse values must be assigned to the instance variables

10. " Is-a " Relationship
    Custumer is a person
    Checking account is a Bank account
    Mortgage account is a Bank account 

    "Has-a" Relationship

    person has a SSN 
    person has a Address
    Custumer has a Bank account

11. The " Is-a " Relationship (Child to parent relationship )is implemented when a class inherits from another class
    Example , a parent class 'Shape'  could have a child class 'Rectangle'

12. The "Has-a" Relationship,these relationships are implemented in code by class attributes. 
    Example, a 'Department' class  has an Employee (Department class has a list of employees as an attribute)

13. We can use lists or tuple to store multiple instances of the same type as attributes

# ----------------------------Section 2-------------------------------------

class Animal():
    def __init__(self):
        self.name=""
        print("An new animal has been born.")

    def eat(self):
        print("Munch munch.")
    
    def make_noise(self,):
        print("Grrr says",self.name)


class Cat(Animal):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__()
        print("A cat has been born")

    def make_noise(self):
        print("Meow says",self.name)
    

class Dog(Animal):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__()
        print("A dog has been born.")
        
    def make_noise(self):
        print("Bark says",self.name)

cat = Cat()
cat.name = "Molly"
cat.eat()
cat.make_noise()

dog1 =Dog()
dog1.name = "Rocky"
dog1.eat()
dog1.make_noise()

dog2 =Dog()
dog2.name = "Ruby"
dog2.eat()
dog2.make_noise()


animal = Animal()
animal.name = "Daisy"
animal.eat()
animal.make_noise()